you
what is that relax I'd rather not piss
this thing off Tina
this one is machine and has its mind
concluded this one is hot flash and
faith and is the more they dude kill me
or release in the waste my time talk
there is much talk
and I have listened through rock and
metal and time now I shall talk the you
shall meetings
24:01 detention on Feb installations 0-5
here we have much to do this facility
must be activated if we are to control
this outbreak not true this installation
has a successful utilization record at
one point two trillion simulated in one
actual it is ready fire these Oracle's
nothing of the great journey and you
know nothing about contain this one's
containment and this one's profits have
promised you freedom from a doomed
existence but you will find no salvation
on this ring of those
never what they do not mistake their
intent or will perish as they did before
this thing is right halo is a weapon
your profits are making a big mistake
your ignorance already destroyed one of
the city rings deacon
it shall not harm another if you will
not hear the truth then I will show it
to you there is still time to stop the
key from turning but first it must be
found you will search one likely spot
and you will search another fate Alice
meet as foes but this ring will
as brothers
[Music]